hey guys this is just a real quick
update I'm land rose and got some major
problems here with my LPS I have been
trying to sit down to record in addition
to the power that has gone out three
times today in the middle of what I've
been trying to do that's been
frustrating enough I'm having some
issues with my save files and I think it
had to do with the mods the mods and the
mods out all kinds of different things I
can get the games to load up but I
cannot get them to save I will always
crash when I savor i get an error code I
get all kinds of garbage there's all
kinds of strange things that are
happening inside the game graphically so
I pulled all the mods out new games new
files seem to be just fine what I'm
going to do is I'm going to go in i'm
going to try to pull out all of my
family's and i'm going to try to salvage
what I can put them into new game files
put them into new saves and see if that
actually makes a difference I am going
to tell you that and there were a
handful of games I can't even go back
and open the save files the computer the
game will not even recognize it I've
gone back and I pulled back up files
from a couple of months or a couple of
weeks ago some that we're back from June
knowing that i would have to play like
you know three or four episodes that
we've already done it will not even
recognize that the game exists so I'm
having major issues so I'm telling you
right now when my ELF he's come back you
may see some major changes you may see
some elfies that are combined there may
be some big changes in store for
everything so it may have like been a
good thing and a bad thing it's going to
kind of reset a lot of what I've been
doing but that's ok so I'm going to just
go in pull what I can I'm going to see
what I can salvage see what I can merge
this is what I did not want to do I
wanted to continue each of my series as
they were now I'm being forced to just
because of game file corruption and so
I'm added I met an issue here that I've
got to deal with what I can deal with
anyway I'm just giving you that update
I'm working on it I'm putting something
together as I told you things will come
back but there
going to look very differently I may
restart the numbering of the episodes
back to episode 1 and maybe call it
something a little different so that it
can actually start off where we left off
for the best part alright guys thank you
so much and I will keep you posted i'll
get something out there as quickly as i
can and hopefully this will